this demo I cannot like record a quick
screencast later with more than Circus
okay so back to Sherman's pain say
you'll capture the touch event and then
you fetch the file on my PFS
and any pretty big response with your
own errors and you resolve that
responsible by resolving your reply to
that requests with the content to fetch
publications the repo is called a
confess service worker and if you
download it you can see there is a
folder called examples and use from
other page the thing I did here was just
creating a static HTTP server that is
loading this folder called awake + SW
and it's just like a simple web page
that freshest with the serviceworker
which is what you see here so I'm going
to reload this page right now I have a
service working already register but I
am freshness to read so it sucks Queen
when I love this again it's going
to like blow the serviceworker and now
if we go to console we see the market
stall and I pretty just as now one thing
to have as a note I'm still trying to be
like why but like if I try to use it
right now the fetch event will not fire
however but if I reload the web page
once it does absolutely nothing to the
serviceworker
and like it's the same thing but now the
fire get this far so if there is any
like serviceworker experts out there
that's understand why the heck icon
first it doesn't capture the fetch event
but like after a quick refresh avoids
please let me know and my couple of
hours trying to find answers on the way
cool so then I don't really know I just
leave it a national image um I already
know that there is pretty good one
available here on West er loads to go
with yes here I'm clicking fetch it
fetches just pretty fast because I can
see me just cached on the gateway
what happened was okay
the fetch event was captured and you
dinner stood it was an IP FS edge again
did not miles cattle netting th receive
the stream to the panel
we just concatenated this game in one
single data pool and we create a
response to the browser and for the
browser
this was our transfer like that this web
page doesn't need to understand that
this is content with all the true
service for care they just thought got
it loaded so yeah let's open a new tab
to bid again look load something in the
new tab like can you go to like I
profess that I don't have it use your
local data might be pressed on I yeah
not yet
again these would an Iroquois who have
another page to like you that what for
example to ipfs what I owe this
serviceworker
okay you wanna narrow calm and from Rio
you're out there i David take it forget
it was it's gone after I you go the
other night
let the Brotherhood no service will get
the part right now the only thing
there's no justice
okay yeah
so is another way to word that is that I
guess that IO would have to tell you to
use this service worker and then once it
is told you to do that and this service
worker would intercept the request that
give us that I oh yeah but apparently we
don't have this service working yeah
exactly so the way to achieve that image
service port here on a penis at i/o
that's like any local page gets working
on that machine and from then on high
quality messages can be loaded for the
service another game that I was talking
with Matt today about Lulu please
oh so service worker the other way Mike
SW got PMS or IO
so it's not like on a lame page maybe
use the models extension redleg ipfs
about your requests to death service
work this way people that are using
everything I do still use the gateways
to purge the content and people that are
using the IP pass exceptions will use
the service worker which SPFs to fetch
the content from a lot and the webex
engine also would give you a way to like
configure the service or if you want
like to provide to provide to the
network the color that your which if you
want to wear the load turn off other
things like but yeah this is very much
MVB just to show it words and just this
many more do you need to use a key FS so
like we are going to release a new
version of Jessica Fest this week 0:24
you need to use that one to using this
item service for here because there was
a couple of things that needed to be
fixed in our first word and there yeah
this is like the beginning of much more
stuff but but yeah we we know now that
like happy best works in a serviceworker
that we can do this redirect magic to
load content from Jessica fests into any
web page cool awesome
okay so I wanted it I want to just jump
in there with what this makes possible
is that the service worker service
workers the thing is providing JSF EFS
is the thing that's providing an IP FS
note to run in the browser and so that
is provided somewhat transparently to
the user and that we would configure the
service worker to be like locked down by
default so that them when you install
the web extension when you're like hey I
want to use I feel like I want to use F
you guys actually you will have already
been used using IP FS intellect
constraint win because the service
worker has already been injected by ipfs
that IO
whenever you accessed some ipfs content
so the gateways just provide the service
worker to make your life easier but then
when you're like hey I actively want to
engage with this use more functionality
of I of ipfs then that's when you
install the web extension and the web
extension use the web extension - then
it like open up to like decrease to
unlock your lockdown version of the
service worker sort of like reconfigure
it to do more things which also which we
would want the end-user to be aware of
the fact that they have told their
browser to have the service worker do
those things
um which are powerful but we don't want
it to just be happening without someone
doing and so yeah so that's like a super
I think it's a wonderful Avenue for
getting getting ipfs embedded it like
available in the browser without having
to convince people to let go and
download ipfs and like in order to be
benefit from it sort of like soon as
they access I believe this content they
start benefiting from my PFS other
questions about that for we are
I have one folder to my planners and
probably sorry watch your video
connection update night these are
training ok better now okay oh let's got
masks it's not gonna work with where it
is yes so the answer to that question is
within the serviceworker there are no
plans to have support for love RTC by
the browser renders and the thing that
will probably happen and is that there
will be web RTC support in web
extensions so what we can we can do in
order to make this all happen is f to
Jessica Fest notes one running on the
web extension another one running inside
the serviceworker and make them super
peered like if there is a blog that the
jessica festival is looking for that is
on a serviceworker then the one that is
on the web extension will also look for
the same block and in the web extension
you have this you know like using web
RTC and in the service worker you have
this node connecting using WebSockets
and you might be wondering why do not at
this node on the WebEx session in the
first place and the reason to that is
because the web extension is not able to
capture requests we have to have a
service worker to act as a HTTP proxy
for our requests that we can make this
process for it the the web extensions
today only weather is to capture the
headers of the requests and do read
directs we cannot do create responses
from a web extension so yeah it has to
be like a mix of these two technologies
that exist on the browser unfortunately
one of them are really like bleeding
edge like both web extensions and
service workers are fast fast and they
are still getting implemented in more
stable on the browsers and the regarding
C support even for the WebEx session is
out there yet it's just a proposal but
at least is the proposal that is moving
so yeah we will continue actively
working on this and getting it more
stable unstable and we see that this is
something that is a huge abet by the
browser vendors like service workers and
work extensions so yeah we we do have a
high hopes to have in the near future a
way to install justify pass through an
extension and ever just working all the
browsers using specs that we do see
specs you something yeah well I was it's
just like figure rerouting but well
other than lay in case people have
questions but that oval we lost Lars
so you can't ask follow-up questions
yeah she did other did other people are
questions before they jump it
oh it's the animals name so the thing
you forgot to ask is what are the things
that prevent us from shipping this on
ipfs that I have today and the answer is
that biggest out so there's yeah we have
to make a version of the serviceworker
that sort of locked down and sick more
like defaults to do being very safe
that's not a big deal um what it forces
us to tackle is connection closing which
is hard yeah
and so maybe the view could explain so
um on that right now
do I do I possess quirks is just like
tries to maintain all the connect all
the connections that it gets to all the
peers that it gets to know as it lives
and that makes it very very expensive
for the browser because the way but
because we have all this routing
functionality happening in one single
trap there is very intense for single
browser process to execute and if the
number of connections increase on a
jessica personnel let's say to like
close to 50 or 60 there has been other
experiments that see something very
similar where the browser would crash
out of resources by doing so much work
on trying to like compute all of these
functions to figure out where to send
one place which helps to connect and so
on so we will need to get this deployed
into the network a way to understand
what is the value of each connection at
to be at 12 years like a simple
reputation mechanism so that we can
understand which connections we can
close at given point in time and then
limit the number of connections at each
browser as well we don't want like a
browser with one little connections open
at one point in time because it will
just exhausts the browser resources yeah
yeah yeah so it is like the
make sense I really like essentially we
need to be able to close connections
otherwise we'll kill browsers
yeah normally close connections you have
to be able to prioritize connections so
you know which ones are ok to close
that's because if we don't have that and
then we make it so that everyone who
hits the ipfs that I hope you wait is
going to get the serviceworker installed
and running on their machines we're
going to get an explosion of machines
running they're all going to look so why
would the core this is not by putting in
default you'd have a little switch on
that gave us that I oh right you
initially allow people to opt in going
to the website you wish to go soft
rollout either way before like we will
still have an explosion in the number of
chance IPS nodes running and they will
overwhelm each other like right you need
at least a solar pump they can they can
close connections prioritize yeah yeah
the other option would be would not use
like to just try to buy onto the
gateways and that's it like just use a
similar connection to the gateways I
like what you use things like relay to
open more connections or their nose but
then one kid stops being it's all more
interesting than you just using the
gateway right so so yeah we want to
start with a solution that actually
makes the nails be able to collect when
the other a loop because that's going to
be the the interesting part already
the protocol running on the project yeah
and I would actually expect that we
would not make it sorted like so I think
it would be strange if I hit IP address
that I have slash ipfs slash a hash and
the Gateway did more than just return
the content I requested but if it was
also returning content that tells your
browser to install the serviceworker it
seems a little bit it sort of breaks the
whole content address thing so we will
probably make it so that you have to go
to a different spot on the Gateway and
say tell it to enable the service worker
and then
and every time you did I previous
content there's not someone working that
we need to make this all happen like
classes of questions first and we're
just discussing whether to inject the
service worker and to any company on the
gatoring Lars a cute additional question
oh yeah well the question marks the
question was basically what you're
discussing right now it sounds like
you're discussing whether to inject the
service worker and to anything that's
certain
yeah I think I agree with Matt we
shouldn't do that just because of the
content addressing yeah yeah so yeah and
like do I do it yet on Mike Evans who is
working on the service worker gonna kick
ass at IO and I'm like every new
extension to be the one going to that
page should start you know creating a
web extension to control that service
worker because the service workers also
ever a messaging mechanism to talk with
it given that back to fake HP requests
to configure it that's actually part of
the spec we can be way more exclusive
with our users like they are using at
the FS there is this thing that sits on
your machine and tell them like
statistics of what it is doing more than
just like because the service work is
Hollywood today if you go to Chrome
column / - service workers you'll see a
more than dancers work and I'm sure from
all the web pages that you are visiting
that you don't even know that they are
there but on one of my sites on user
there's a one working point we are like
a walnut line it actually would not
break the convention of how websites use
service workers now if I confess that I
own the website actually install the
service worker when you visited about
even telling we probably would tell you
but but like plenty of websites install
service workers when you visit them
without you knowing that it's called a
service worker
um Mars
I see what everyone working at and we
probably want to want to tell people
just because it makes a persistent
connection it's super backward yeah and
I just say it's just times people
understand that they are actually using
a TMS I think that's going to be
valuable just like communication there
so there's one more thing that we need
to make this very useful which is right
now eunuchs and fast
dozens or the way that we fetch content
for my PFS let em tell us necessarily
anything about it's an attack and for
the browser to load counted or is about
the image the browser could figure it
out it was an image so it could render
it properly because I was using an image
tag but for many other content types
we actually need to specify on the
Heather what type of content it is if
people have files like us under
directory and if they don't delete the
file extension then we probably can get
away with a lot of file formats but for
some people have like some PDF again on
the machine with a TFS F without
wrapping on a directory then we
completely forget that it is a PDF and
we need to have a way basically level of
UNIX FS a lot of formats to preserve the
file name the file type so that we can
we are serving content through just the
FS and we are fetching it we know which
Heather to write so that the browser
loads up I believe so yeah I guess those
are two things why we cannot deploy this
today
the reputation any problems one more
thing and this is like partially
specifically to large but everyone think
about what are the things that we should
do to make the serviceworker default to
being extremely safe to have running on
your machine right so like having
default not doing anything that might be
unsafe or compromising that user in any
way and then let it be that
you have to install the web extension or
go to some configuration page in order
to turn on functionality that you want
that might depending on different
circumstances might be on saved so for
example um like setting up persistent
connections that might like expose you
in some way to like being Oh having a be
known that you're running the note um we
might want to have that turned off by
default so if you weigh in on that repo
Lars or anyone else who has ideas about
how it like one of the things that we
should absolutely have the serviceworker
turn them off by default um you should
put that in an issue on that repo